The night of Christmas in Taiwan!
HaSeul: YeoJin is sleeping!
HeeJin: Sleeping~
'I think YeoJin is exhausted~'
The youngest member YeoJin is sleeping like a baby bird in a car!
HaSeul: HeeJin, where are we?
HeeJin: It’s Jiufen!
The other members made time to tour famous landmarks in Taiwan!
As expected, the girls main concern is food!
HeeJin: Wow! What is this? It looks so good!
But they seem too young to eat sticky tofu…
HeeJin: I think it looks good too!
HaSeul: Hey! It’s sticky tofu!
HeeJin: We decided to choose just one food that really want to eat…
HyunJin: (Global acting cute) Please give me a lot!
HeeJin: Ippa…
HeeJin: Ah, ‘Ippai’ is Japanese…
HyunJin: A lot!
The girls picked the Taiwanese fried chicken!
'Thank you~'
It’s great!
But suddenly a Christmas carol is playing in the background…
HeeJin: Everyone, today is Christmas day~
HyunJin: Oh no~
HeeJin: You forgot it, right?
HyunJin: I’ve forgot again today is Christmas…